Add more cons to linking (#562)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/reuse-content/_index.md

  If the definitive content changes, your link may need to be updated.

> - The linked content may be on a more complicated page that which may confuse readers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The linked content might lead to a more complex page that could potentially confuse readers.
```

> - Users may lose context by following the link to another page or section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users might lose context by following the link to another page or section.
```

>   This concern hasn't been tested with UX surveys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This concern hasn't been validated with UX research.
```
